Update pupil service documentation and associated network API examples (#462)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/core/software/pupil-service.md

---

# Pupil Service
Pupil Service is like Pupil Capture except it does not have a world video feed, and comes with a slimmed down GUI. 
It is intended to be used with VR and AR eye tracking setups.

<div class="pb-4">
  <img src="../../media/core/icons/ps.png"style="display:flex;margin:0 auto;width:100px;">
</div>

:::tip
<v-icon large color="info">info_outline</v-icon>
The tools introduced in the [hmd-eyes project](https://github.com/pupil-labs/hmd-eyes) are made to work with Pupil Service and Pupil Capture alike.
:::

## Service Features
With the Pupil Service GUI you can define a [Pupil Remote Address](/developer/core/network-api/#pupil-remote)
and toggle to open and close the left and right eye windows.

<div class="pb-4">
  <img src="../../media/core/imgs/ps-gui.jpg" style="display:flex;margin:0 auto;width:400px">
</div>

Note that the eye windows opened by Pupil Service are equivalent to those of Pupil Core, giving you access to all
associated [pupil detection settings](/core/software/pupil-capture/#fine-tuning-pupil-detection).

> The real power of Pupil Service comes from control with network commands and less system resources. 

Reviewer: The actual use case of Pupil Service is lower latency when it comes to gaze mapping. While Capture's event loop is driven by the scene camera, i.e. pupil data is mapped in bulk once the scene camera returns a new frame, Pupil Service maps gaze as soon as a new pupil datum is available.

Control via network API and less system resources are secondary arguments for Service, IMO.

---

# Pupil Service
Pupil Service is like Pupil Capture except it does not have a world video feed, and comes with a slimmed down GUI. 
It is intended to be used with VR and AR eye tracking setups.

<div class="pb-4">
  <img src="../../media/core/icons/ps.png"style="display:flex;margin:0 auto;width:100px;">
</div>

:::tip
<v-icon large color="info">info_outline</v-icon>
The tools introduced in the [hmd-eyes project](https://github.com/pupil-labs/hmd-eyes) are made to work with Pupil Service and Pupil Capture alike.
:::

## Service Features
With the Pupil Service GUI you can define a [Pupil Remote Address](/developer/core/network-api/#pupil-remote)
and toggle to open and close the left and right eye windows.

<div class="pb-4">
  <img src="../../media/core/imgs/ps-gui.jpg" style="display:flex;margin:0 auto;width:400px">
</div>

Note that the eye windows opened by Pupil Service are equivalent to those of Pupil Capture, giving you access to all
associated [pupil detection settings](/core/software/pupil-capture/#fine-tuning-pupil-detection).

A powerful feature of Pupil Service is low latency gaze mapping – Pupil Service maps gaze as soon as a new pupil datum 

> is available. Pupil Capture's event loop, on the other hand, is driven by the scene camera, where pupil data is mapped in 
> bulk once the scene camera returns a new frame. 

Reviewer: I had an idea on how to formulate this more accurately without having to name the event loop. I do not like the repeated "queue*". Any ideas to improve that?
```suggestion
is available. Pupil Capture, on the other hand, queues incoming pupil data until the scene camera returns a new frame and maps the queued pupil data in bulk afterward. 
```
